just wanted to talk real quick about a
really amazing feature that no one is
pointing out on the Canon 70d
and that is a crop that you get in the
camera with a zoom as well as you see
the footage here it is great to be able
to zoom in and out with full focus
finally that is great that is awesome
and another really amazing thing is the
fact that now you can crop in like right
here I'm using a 24 to 70 and it can
crop in on that which is I mean that's
awesome success
I mean magic lantern offers that now as
well but to have it in a Canon camera
already ready to go it's pretty amazing
now here zooming in the quality is not
going to be as good depending on the
lighting in the situation some of it
might be usable you might find some of
it unusable this is great because like
right here I would have to switch lenses
to get this next shot right here which
is a crop in on that I believe this is a
three times crop is what you're getting
it is a digital zoom so don't expect it
to be incredible quality that is I mean
that's great right there that's such a
time saver in a run-and-gun situation
when you're out in your shooting class I
shoot a lot of documentary comedy style
stuff and to have this feature when I'm
in such a rush is amazing it's
time-saving it's great now the bad news
unfortunately the 70d still suffers from
a whole lot of aliasing and moire some
of it pretty unusable if you're shooting
a lot of landscape scenes with buildings
such as this shot rate here
unfortunately this is a big
disappointment
but overall it is a great little camera
and having the crop feature is great